[RHACS] WIP: Release notes for 4.5 (#78414)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/45-release-notes.adoc

* Updated the documentation to view and configure default policies, manage policy categories, and create your own categories with improved organization and clarity. For more information, see xref:../operating/manage-security-policies.adoc#manage-security-policies[Managing security policies].
* Updated the documentation to include the `--dnsport` option and updated the example links in the xref:../cli/generating-build-time-network-policies.adoc#using-the-build-time-network-policy-generator_generating-build-time-network-policies[Generating build-time network policies] section.
* Updated the list of supported operating systems and versions in the xref:../operating/examine-images-for-vulnerabilities.adoc#supported-operating-systems_examine-images-for-vulnerabilities[Supported operating systems] section.
* Updated the documentation to include new information about using the built-in email notifier in {product-title-managed-short}. For more information, see xref:../integration/integrate-with-email.adoc#integrating-with-email-on-rhacs-cloud-service[Integrating with email on {product-title-managed-short}].

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An updated managing compliance guide where you can find detailed instructions on how to use the compliance feature in RHACS, including supported standards, running scans, viewing results, generating reports, scheduling scans, and monitoring and analyzing profile compliance for nodes and platform resources across clusters.

For more information, see xref:../operating/manage-compliance/managing-compliance.adoc#managing-compliance[Managing the compliance feature].
```

Reviewer: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ROX-23479

[id="new-features_{context}"]
== New features

This release adds improvements related to the following components and concepts:

[id="vulnerability-management-v2-ga_{context}"]
=== Vulnerability Management 2.0 is generally available

With this release, Vulnerability Management 2.0 is generally available. It provides an enhanced user experience with intuitive navigation.

* It includes persona-specific vulnerability management views, Workload CVEs, Platform CVEs, and Node CVEs.
* It provides actionable data to triage and remediate vulnerabilities efficiently.
* Its default filter view now persists across user sessions.
* You can download comprehensive vulnerability on-demand reports scoped with collections.
* It includes enhanced Exception management workflows with audit capabilities.

[NOTE]
====
As part of this update, the *Risk Acceptance* workflow is replaced with *Exception Management*. When you upgrade to {product-title-short} 4.5:

* Existing deferrals and false positive requests will be migrated to *Exception Management*.
* Globally snoozed Image CVEs will be migrated to create approved deferrals under *Exception Management*.
====

[id="compliance-20-updates_{context}"]

> === Compliance 2.0 updates

Reviewer: Compliance 2.0 is obsolete as of 4.5. I think the same applies to vulnerability management.

For more details, see xref:../operating/examine-images-for-vulnerabilities.adoc#about-scanner-v4_examine-images-for-vulnerabilities[About {product-title-short} Scanner V4].

[id="roxctl-installation-github-action_{context}"]
=== `roxctl` installation GitHub action

The link:https://github.com/stackrox/roxctl-installer-action[roxctl-installer-action] GitHub action is now available. You can use it to install `roxctl` in your GitHub workflows and run `roxctl image check` and `roxctl image scan` commands in your CI pipelines.

[id="bring-your-own-pki_{context}"]
=== Bring your own PKI for signature verification

Before this release, you could only verify image signatures against pre-configured keys. With {product-title-short} 4.5, Red Hat has extended the image signature verification to include verifying certificates. This method is available in addition to verifying public keys, allowing you to bring your own public key infrastructure (PKI) to verify signatures.

[id="build-time-network-policy-tools-updates_{context}"]
=== Build-time network policy tools updates

This release introduces an update to the `roxctl netpol generate` command.

> * The command now automatically generates DNS connections when necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: The command already generated DNS connections, that is now new

* By default, the command uses port `53` for DNS connections.

> * You can use the `--dnsport` option to specify the DNS port to use in the egress rules of the generated policies. For example, {ocp} DNS uses the port `5353` for DNS connections. In that case, you can specify the port using the `--dnsport` option, such as `roxctl netpol generate --dnsport 5353 <other-options>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You can use the `--dnsport` option to override the DNS port used. Specifically, {ocp} DNS uses the port `5353` so {ocp} users should always specify the port using : `roxctl netpol generate --dnsport 5353 <other-options>`.
```

> In a future release, Red Hat will change the default DNS port used by `roxctl generate` to use the DNS name instead of the port number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a future release, Red Hat is planning to enhance the `--dnsport` option to also accept strings ( `dns`) in addition to port numbers.
```

* Updated the documentation to view and configure default policies, manage policy categories, and create your own categories with improved organization and clarity. For more information, see xref:../operating/manage-security-policies.adoc#manage-security-policies[Managing security policies].
* Updated the documentation to include the `--dnsport` option and updated the example links in the xref:../cli/generating-build-time-network-policies.adoc#using-the-build-time-network-policy-generator_generating-build-time-network-policies[Generating build-time network policies] section.
* Updated the list of supported operating systems and versions in the xref:../operating/examine-images-for-vulnerabilities.adoc#supported-operating-systems_examine-images-for-vulnerabilities[Supported operating systems] section.
* Updated the documentation to include new information about using the built-in email notifier in {product-title-managed-short}. For more information, see xref:../integration/integrate-with-email.adoc#integrating-with-email-on-rhacs-cloud-service[Integrating with email on {product-title-managed-short}].

> * Updated managing compliance guide where you can find detailed instructions on how to use the compliance feature in {product-title-short}. For more information, see xref:../operating/manage-compliance/managing-compliance-20.adoc#managing-compliance-20[Managing the compliance 2.0 feature].

Reviewer: The xref needs to be updated as the compliance feature documentation is currently being restructured.
https://78035--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-acs/latest/operating/manage-compliance/managing-compliance

Author: Thanks @agantony The preview build was failing, so I made this change. Once, your PR is merged, I'll updated this link.

[id="roxctl-installation-github-action_{context}"]
=== `roxctl` installation GitHub action

The link:https://github.com/stackrox/roxctl-installer-action[roxctl-installer-action] GitHub action is now available. You can use it to install `roxctl` in your GitHub workflows and run `roxctl image check` and `roxctl image scan` commands in your CI pipelines.

[id="bring-your-own-pki_{context}"]
=== Bring your own PKI for signature verification

Before this release, you could only verify image signatures against pre-configured keys. With {product-title-short} 4.5, Red{nbsp}Hat has extended the image signature verification to include verifying certificates. This method is available in addition to verifying public keys, allowing you to bring your own public key infrastructure (PKI) to verify signatures.

[id="build-time-network-policy-tools-updates_{context}"]
=== Build-time network policy tools updates

This release introduces an update to the `roxctl netpol generate` command.

* By default, the command uses port `53` for DNS connections.

> * You can use the `--dnsport` option to override the default DNS port. If you are using {ocp}, you must always change the port when generating network policies with `roxctl` because {ocp} uses port `5353`, not port `53`. For example, `roxctl netpol generate --dnsport 5353 <other-options>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You can use the `--dnsport` option to override the default DNS port.  {ocp} users should always change the port when generating network policies with `roxctl` because {ocp} uses port `5353` by default. For example, `roxctl netpol generate --dnsport 5353 <other-options>`.
```

Reviewer 2: simplified the text, thank you

Author: Thank you @boazmichaely 

[We can't refer to users as `{ocp} user`](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#user) 
> When referring to the reader, use "you" instead of "user". 

I'll update the latter part.

> To simplify usage for {ocp} and other systems that use named ports, in a future release, Red{nbsp}Hat plans to enhance the `--dnsport` option to accept strings, such as `dns`, in addition to numbers. With this change, you will no longer need to remember specific port numbers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To simplify usage for {ocp} and other systems that use named ports,  Red{nbsp}Hat plans to enhance the `--dnsport` option in a future release to accept strings in addition to numbers. With that change, the generated network policy can use a named port (such as `dns`)  instead of a specific port number, which is a more portable approach.
```

Reviewer 2: It's not about remembering port numbers, kindly accept the proposed change

Author: I inferred it from https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/78414#discussion_r1678253468

> ... this would eliminate the need for users to know the specific port number. 

Thanks, I'll update.

[id="build-time-network-policy-tools-updates_{context}"]
=== Build-time network policy tools updates

This release introduces an update to the `roxctl netpol generate` command.

* By default, the command uses port `53` for DNS connections.
* You can use the `--dnsport` option to override the default DNS port. If you are using {ocp}, you must always change the port when generating network policies with `roxctl` because {ocp} uses port `5353` by default. For example, `roxctl netpol generate --dnsport 5353 <other-options>`.

To simplify usage for {ocp} and other systems that use named ports, Red{nbsp}Hat plans to enhance the `--dnsport` option in a future release to accept strings and numbers. With that change, the generated network policy can use a named port, such as `dns`, instead of a specific port number, which is a more portable approach.

For more details, see xref:../cli/generating-build-time-network-policies.adoc#using-the-build-time-network-policy-generator_generating-build-time-network-policies[Generating build-time network policies].

[id="enhanced-acscs-experience_{context}"]
=== Enhanced {product-title-managed-short} experience

> We have improved the {product-title-managed-short} experience on `console.redhat.com`, making signing up for a trial and getting support easier.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The {product-title-managed-short} experience on `console.redhat.com` is improved, making signing up for a trial and getting support easier.
```
Avoid first-person pronouns: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-pronouns#personal-pronouns

[id="notable-technical-changes_{context}"]
== Notable technical changes

> * For {product-title-short} Operator, Red{nbsp}Hat has added a label selector for caching configuration of secrets and configmaps, resulting in a significant reduction in memory consumption, especially on large clusters. In testing, we have seen a 28% decrease in memory usage on a new {ocp} cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* For {product-title-short} Operator, Red{nbsp}Hat has added a label selector for caching configuration of secrets and config maps, resulting in a significant reduction in memory consumption, especially on large clusters. In testing, a 28% decrease was noted in memory usage on a new {ocp} cluster.
```
- https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#config-map

> * The {product-title-short} Operator now adds a label `app.stackrox.io/managed-by: operator` to all Helm chart resources and secrets created by the operator, providing better organization and visibility.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The {product-title-short} Operator now adds a `app.stackrox.io/managed-by: operator` label to all Helm chart resources and secrets created by the operator, providing better organization and visibility.
```

> * The {product-title-short} Operator increases the number of requests sent to the API server to retrieve secrets not managed by the Operator and do not match the cache label selector.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The {product-title-short} Operator increases the number of requests sent to the API server to retrieve the following types of secrets:

 ** Secrets that the Operator does not manage
 ** Secrets that do not match the cache label selector
```
Consider breaking up this sentence to make it easier to read.

> * Scanner DB now runs on PostgreSQL 15, replacing the earlier version, PostgreSQL 12. Since the database is not persisted, no migration is required, and you can continue using the scanner without any additional steps.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Scanner DB now runs on PostgreSQL 15, replacing the earlier version, PostgreSQL 12. Because the database is not persisted, no migration is required, and you can continue using the scanner without any additional steps.
```
Per IBM Style: "To facilitate translation, use _since_ only to refer to time. Do not use it as a synonym for _because_."

> * The Nexus and Red{nbsp}Hat registry integrations now attempt to pull manifest digests using a HEAD request to `/v2/<name>/manifests/<reference>`. This change resolves an issue that previously resulted in an `unsupported digest algorithm error` when using Scanner V4. You can turn off this new behavior by setting the environment variable `ROX_ATTEMPT_MANIFEST_DIGEST` to `false`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The Nexus and Red{nbsp}Hat registry integrations now attempt to pull manifest digests by using a HEAD request to `/v2/<name>/manifests/<reference>`. This change resolves an issue that previously resulted in an `unsupported digest algorithm error` when using Scanner V4. You can turn off this new behavior by setting the environment variable `ROX_ATTEMPT_MANIFEST_DIGEST` to `false`.
```

* {product-title-short} includes new policy categories, and some default policies are tagged with these new policy categories.
+
.New policy categories
[options="header"]
|====

|Policy category|Policy

.2+|*Zero Trust*

> |Deployments should have at least one ingress Network Policy

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Deployments need at least one ingress Network Policy
```

Author: These names are what we have in product currently so we cannot change these policy names. Ditto for other entries in this table

|Unauthorized Network Flow

.7+|*Supply Chain Security*
|Images with no scans
|30-day Scan Age
|90-day Image Age
|Required Annotation: Email
|Required Annotation: Owner/Team
|Required Label: Owner/Team
|Latest tag

|====

> * When generating manifests for {ocp}, `roxctl` now defaults to {ocp} 4.x instead of {ocp} 3.x.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* When `roxctl` generates manifests for {ocp}, `roxctl` now defaults to {ocp} 4.x instead of {ocp} 3.x.
```

* You can now delegate the Image scans triggered by image watch reprocessing based on the delegated scanning configuration. To turn off this feature, set the Central environment variable `ROX_DELEGATE_WATCHED_IMAGE_REPROCESSING` to `false`.

> * The Scanner V4 Matcher now performs concurrent vulnerability updates using iterators, reducing memory consumption from 4GB to 500MB.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The Scanner V4 Matcher now completes concurrent vulnerability updates by using iterators, reducing memory consumption from 4GB to 500MB.
```

> * {product-title-short} 4.5 lazily populates the initial registry integration repository list `/v2/_catalog` to improve Central startup performance. This change reduces startup time in environments with many autogenerated integrations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* {product-title-short} 4.5 slowly populates the initial registry integration repository list `/v2/_catalog` to improve Central startup performance. This change reduces startup time in environments with many autogenerated integrations.
```
I'd use "slowly" or another synonym here, unless "lazily" is the accepted technical usage.

* {product-title-short} 4.5 includes a new configuration option, `ROX_SCANNER_V4_ALLOW_ANONYMOUS_AUTH`, to enable anonymous access to Scanner V4 for debugging purposes. This feature is on by default for development builds and off for release builds.

> * Deployment bundles created with the roxctl CLI no longer contain PodSecurityPolicies (PSPs) by default. You must specify the `--enable-pod-security-policies` option when generating deployment bundles for deploying to Kubernetes 1.25 or earlier.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Deployment bundles created with the `roxctl` CLI no longer contain PodSecurityPolicies (PSPs) by default. You must specify the `--enable-pod-security-policies` option when you generate deployment bundles to deploy to Kubernetes 1.25 or earlier.
```

> * {product-title-short} 4.5 includes improved event handling for Sensor image scan when `ROX_UNQUALIFIED_SEARCH_REGISTRIES` is set to `true`. This enhancement ensures that only one simultaneous scan request is allowed per unique image, reducing redundant scans. Additionally, it increases the chances of scan cache hits when multiple names for the same image are observed. This feature is on by default when `ROX_UNQUALIFIED_SEARCH_REGISTRIES` is `true`; to turn it off, set  `ROX_SENSOR_SINGLE_SCAN` to `false` on Sensor.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* {product-title-short} 4.5 includes improved event handling for Sensor image scan when `ROX_UNQUALIFIED_SEARCH_REGISTRIES` is set to `true`. This enhancement ensures that only one simultaneous scan request is allowed per unique image, reducing redundant scans. Additionally, it increases the chances of scan cache hits when multiple names for the same image are observed. This feature is on by default when `ROX_UNQUALIFIED_SEARCH_REGISTRIES` is `true`. To turn it off, set  `ROX_SENSOR_SINGLE_SCAN` to `false` on Sensor.
```

> * Red{nbsp}Hat has reduced the default timeout setting for {product-title-short} admission controller webhooks from 20 seconds to 10 seconds, resulting in an effective timeout of 12 seconds within the ValidatingWebhookConfiguration. This change aligns with {ocp}'s unconditional cap of 13 seconds. If you rely on longer timeouts, such as those with inline image scanning, you must specify a longer timeout explicitly in the `SecuredCluster` custom resource `admissionControl.timeoutSeconds`, in Helm `admissionControl.dynamic.timeout`, or within a sensor deployment bundle `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` manifest within the `admission-controller.yaml` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Red{nbsp}Hat has reduced the default timeout setting for {product-title-short} admission controller webhooks from 20 seconds to 10 seconds, resulting in an effective timeout of 12 seconds within the ValidatingWebhookConfiguration. This change aligns with the unconditional cap of 13 seconds in {ocp}. If you rely on longer timeouts, such as those with inline image scanning, you must specify a longer timeout explicitly in the `SecuredCluster` custom resource `admissionControl.timeoutSeconds`, in Helm `admissionControl.dynamic.timeout`, or within a sensor deployment bundle `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` manifest within the `admission-controller.yaml` file.
```
Do not use ’s to show the possessive form of abbreviations or product names: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-possessives

* With {product-title-short} 4.5, the ability to snooze Node and Platform CVEs is disabled by default. You must set `ROX_VULN_MGMT_LEGACY_SNOOZE` to `true` on Central to return to the earlier behavior.

[id="documentation-updates-450_{context}"]
== Documentation updates

> * Improved the documentation to clarify that when you update Scanner definitions in offline mode, Scanner retrieves data from Central every 5 minutes, with Central updating the online data every 5 - 20 minutes and the offline data every 3 hours. For more information, see xref:../configuration/enable-offline-mode.adoc#update-scanner-definitions-in-offline-mode[Updating Scanner definitions in offline mode].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The documentation now clarifies that when you update Scanner definitions in offline mode, Scanner retrieves data from Central every 5 minutes, with Central updating the online data every 5 - 20 minutes and the offline data every 3 hours. For more information, see xref:../configuration/enable-offline-mode.adoc#update-scanner-definitions-in-offline-mode[Updating Scanner definitions in offline mode].
```

> * Updated the documentation to view and configure default policies, manage policy categories, and create your own categories with improved organization and clarity. For more information, see xref:../operating/manage-security-policies.adoc#manage-security-policies[Managing security policies].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The documentation to view and configure default policies, manage policy categories, and create your own categories was updated. For more information, see xref:../operating/manage-security-policies.adoc#manage-security-policies[Managing security policies].
```

> * Updated the documentation to include the `--dnsport` option and updated the example links in the xref:../cli/generating-build-time-network-policies.adoc#using-the-build-time-network-policy-generator_generating-build-time-network-policies[Generating build-time network policies] section.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The documentation was updated to include the `--dnsport` option and the example links in the xref:../cli/generating-build-time-network-policies.adoc#using-the-build-time-network-policy-generator_generating-build-time-network-policies[Generating build-time network policies] section.
```

> * Updated the list of supported operating systems and versions in the xref:../operating/examine-images-for-vulnerabilities.adoc#supported-operating-systems_examine-images-for-vulnerabilities[Supported operating systems] section.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The list of supported operating systems and versions was updated in the xref:../operating/examine-images-for-vulnerabilities.adoc#supported-operating-systems_examine-images-for-vulnerabilities[Supported operating systems] section.
```

> * Updated the documentation to include new information about using the built-in email notifier in {product-title-managed-short}. For more information, see xref:../integration/integrate-with-email.adoc#integrating-with-email-on-rhacs-cloud-service[Integrating with email on {product-title-managed-short}].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The documentation was updated to include new information about using the built-in email notifier in {product-title-managed-short}. For more information, see xref:../integration/integrate-with-email.adoc#integrating-with-email-on-rhacs-cloud-service[Integrating with email on {product-title-managed-short}].
```

> * Updated managing compliance guide where you can find detailed instructions on how to use the compliance feature in {product-title-short}. For more information, see xref:../operating/manage-compliance/managing-compliance-20.adoc#managing-compliance-20[Managing the compliance 2.0 feature].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The managing compliance guide where you can find detailed instructions on how to use the compliance feature in {product-title-short} was updated. For more information, see xref:../operating/manage-compliance/managing-compliance-20.adoc#managing-compliance-20[Managing the compliance 2.0 feature].
```

|DEP
|DEP
|DEP

|`/v1/availableAuthProviders` endpoint
|GA
|DEP
|DEP

|`/v1/tls-challenge` endpoint
|GA
|DEP
|DEP

|`/v1/summary/counts` endpoint
|NA
|NA
|DEP

|Reporting of Istio vulnerabilities
|GA
|DEP
|DEP

a|Custom Security Context Constraints (SCCs):

* `stackrox-collector`
* `stackrox-admission-control`
* `stackrox-sensor`
|DEP
|REM
|NA

|CIS Docker v1.2.0 Compliance standard
|DEP
|REM
|NA

|PCI DSS 3.2.1 Compliance standard
|DEP
|REM
|NA

|NIST SP 800-53 Compliance standard
|DEP
|REM
|NA

|NIST SP 800-190 Compliance standard
|DEP
|REM
|NA

|HIPAA 164 Compliance standard
|DEP
|REM
|NA

|CIS Kubernetes v1.5 Compliance standard
|DEP
|REM
|NA

a|Reference image pull secret names for the Central components:

* `stackrox`
* `stackrox-scanner`
|GA
|REM
|NA

a|Reference image pull secret names for the secured cluster components:

* `stackrox`
* `stackrox-scanner`
* `secured-cluster-services-main`
* `secured-cluster-services-collector`
* `collector-stackrox`
|GA
|REM
|NA

| `rhacs-collector*` and `rhacs-collector-slim*` images
|NA
|NA
|DEP

|Kernel support packages and driver download functionality
|NA
|NA
|DEP

|===

[id="deprecated-features_{context}"]
=== Deprecated features

> The following section provides information about deprecated features listed in the preceding table and other additional changes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following section provides information about deprecated features listed in the preceding table and other changes:
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Throughout this section, consider whether it's necessary to mention what Red Hat will do in a future release. IBM Style warns against making statements about the content of future releases. You made a general statement at the beginning of this section that deprecated items will be removed in a future release. With that in mind, I wonder if it would be reasonable in places where you state "XYZ has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release" to instead say "XYZ has been deprecated".

* The `/v1/summary/counts` API has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
* The `/v1/cve/requests` API for managing vulnerability exceptions is deprecated. Use the new `/v2/vulnerability-exceptions/` API.
* The `rhacs-collector*` and `rhacs-collector-slim*` images have been deprecated and will be removed in a future release. They are now functionally same and do not include kernel drivers.
* Kernel support packages and driver download functionality are deprecated and will be removed in {product-title-short} 4.7 or later.
* The *Dashboard* view under *Vulnerability Management* is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Use the *Workload CVEs*, *Exception Management*, *Platform CVEs*, and *Node CVEs* views as alternatives.
* Red{nbsp}Hat has deprecated the Amazon S3 external backup integration interoperability with Google Cloud Storage. You must use the xref:../integration/integrate-with-google-cloud-storage.adoc#integrate-with-google-cloud-storage[Google Cloud Storage integration] for backups.

[id="removed-features_{context}"]
=== Removed features

> The following section provides information about removed features listed in the preceding table and other additional changes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following section provides information about removed features listed in the preceding table and other changes:
```

* Red{nbsp}Hat has dropped the support for Helm versions older than 3.9.0. {product-title-short} now requires Helm version 3.9.0 or later to render the `stackrox-central-services` and the `stackrox-secured-cluster-services` Helm charts.

> * The `ROX_SCANNER_V4_NODE_JS_SUPPORT` environment variable has been removed and replaced with `ROX_SCANNER_V4_PARTIAL_NODE_JS_SUPPORT`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The `ROX_SCANNER_V4_NODE_JS_SUPPORT` environment variable has been replaced with the `ROX_SCANNER_V4_PARTIAL_NODE_JS_SUPPORT` environment variable.
```

> * `EBPF` collection has been removed. Configurations will be automatically converted to `CORE_BPF` when you upgrade, and the `forceCollection` option is no longer applicable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The `EBPF` collection has been removed. Configurations are automatically converted to `CORE_BPF` when you upgrade, and the `forceCollection` option is no longer applicable.
```

* Direct upgrades from {product-title-short} version 3.74 or earlier to version 4.5 are no longer supported. To upgrade to version 4.5 or later, you must first upgrade to version 4.4.

[id="bug-fixes_{context}"]
== Bug fixes

[id="resolved-in-version-450_{context}"]
=== Resolved in version 4.5.0

*Release date*: 22 July 2024

> * Previously, a bug prevented users without admin privileges from accessing listening endpoint data for clusters and namespaces they had read access to. With this update, users with read access can now receive data from the listening endpoints service.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Previously, a bug prevented users without admin privileges from accessing the listening endpoint data for clusters and namespaces that they had read access to. With this update, users with read access can now receive data from the listening endpoints service.
```

[id="vulnerability-management-v2-ga_{context}"]
=== Vulnerability Management 2.0 is generally available

With this release, Vulnerability Management 2.0 is generally available. Red{nbsp}Hat has consolidated all updates into a single, unified *Vulnerability Management* dashboard, providing an enhanced user experience with intuitive navigation.

* It includes persona-specific vulnerability management views. For example, the *Node CVEs* view shows only information about CVEs impacting the underlying CoreOS hosts. The team responsible for host updates can use that information to take targeted action.
* It provides actionable data to triage and remediate vulnerabilities efficiently.
* It includes enhanced *Exception management* workflows with audit capabilities.
* The default filter view now persists across user sessions.
* You can download comprehensive vulnerability on-demand reports scoped with collections.

[NOTE]
====
As part of this update, the *Risk Acceptance* workflow is replaced with *Exception Management*. When you upgrade to {product-title-short} 4.5, the following changes occur:

> * Existing deferrals and false positive requests are migrated to *Exception Management*.

Reviewer 4: I think these bullets are not showing up correctly in the note as far as formatting.

[id="removed-features_{context}"]
=== Removed features

The following section provides information about removed features listed in the preceding table and other changes:

* Red{nbsp}Hat has dropped the support for Helm versions older than 3.9.0. {product-title-short} now requires Helm version 3.9.0 or later to render the `stackrox-central-services` and the `stackrox-secured-cluster-services` Helm charts.
* The `ROX_SCANNER_V4_NODE_JS_SUPPORT` environment variable has been replaced with the `ROX_SCANNER_V4_PARTIAL_NODE_JS_SUPPORT` environment variable.
* `EBPF` collection has been removed. Configurations are automatically converted to `CORE_BPF` when you upgrade, and the `forceCollection` option is no longer applicable.
* Direct upgrades from {product-title-short} version 3.74 or earlier to version 4.5 are no longer supported. To upgrade to version 4.5 or later, you must first upgrade to version 4.4.

[id="bug-fixes_{context}"]
== Bug fixes

[id="resolved-in-version-450_{context}"]
=== Resolved in version 4.5.0

*Release date*: 22 July 2024

> * * Previously, a bug prevented users without admin privileges from accessing the listening endpoint data for clusters and namespaces that they had read access to. With this update, users with read access can now receive data from the listening endpoints service.

Reviewer 4: extra asterisk here
